edge-23.6.1 (#10982)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-23.6.1

This edge release changes the behavior of the CNI plugin to run exclusively in
"chained mode". Instead of creating its own configuration file, the CNI plugin
will now wait until a `conf` file exists before appending its configuration.
Additionally, this change includes a bug fix for topology aware service
routing.

> * Changed CNI plugin installer to always run in 'chained' mode; the plugin will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the CNI plugin installer to always run in 'chained' mode; the plugin will
```

  now wait until another CNI plugin is installed before appending its
  configuration

> * Added a timeout value to the HttpRoute CRD. The field is currently unused but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a `timeouts` field to `rule`s in the HTTPRoute CRD. The field is currently unused, but
```

Reviewer: also, i'm somewhat uncertain if this is a user-facing change, since...it doesn't *currently* do anything. it might be better to only add it to the changelog when it's actually fully implemented? I dunno.

Author: Hm yeah, I'm leaning towards adding it in when it's fully implemented. We did bump up the chart version though 🤔 think it should be fine not to mention... Would rather just announce it all at once.

Author: Going to remove it.

  will be used eventually to allow for configuration of per-route timeouts

> * Fixed bug where topology routing would not disable while service was under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where topology-aware routing would not be disabled while a Service was under
```

Author: These all make sense to me. I already included the notes in the stable though (https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2/blob/stable-2.13.4/CHANGES.md) 🙃 might just leave it as is so it's consistent.

  will be used eventually to allow for configuration of per-route timeouts
* Fixed bug where topology routing would not disable while service was under
  load (thanks @MarkSRobinson!)

> * Introduced log-format value to the multicluster `Link` Helm Chart (thanks

Reviewer: nit: let's use the actual name of the value in the Helm chart, here?
```suggestion
* Introduced `logFormat` value to the multicluster `Link` Helm Chart (thanks
```
